schema_version	scope	severity	focus_area	location	what	scenario_or_breakage	suggested_fix
1	in_scope	major	security	python/larch/implement/architectural_assessment.py:validate_materialization_envelope and result-path validation (plan.txt:7-13,34-43)	1. Path checks are specified as separate symlink, regular-file, and containment validations, but the plan does not require no-follow, descriptor-based reads and writes.	An attacker can replace a validated diff, knowledge file, or result destination with a symlink between validation and use. The coordinator can then read outside the permitted root or write an artifact outside the tmpdir while still appearing to have rejected symlinks.	Open validated inputs with O_NOFOLLOW and verify fstat results on the opened descriptor; read from that descriptor. Create result files through a root-relative no-follow operation, and revalidate parent directories and containment at the write boundary.
1	in_scope	major	security	python/larch/implement/architectural_assessment.py:production Claude launcher (plan.txt:16-20,40-43)	2. Granting Claude Read access to the entire implement tmpdir is broader than the evidence it needs and defeats the secret/tmpdir boundary.	The tmpdir can contain session state, logs, environment material, prior outputs, or other sensitive files. A read-only Claude process can still disclose those files through its result or stderr, even though it cannot modify them.	Build a coordinator-owned evidence directory containing only the copied knowledge snapshots, frozen diff, prompt, and result path. Grant Read access only to that directory, keep unrelated tmpdir files outside the allowed directory, and verify the prompt does not expose broader paths.
1	in_scope	major	correctness	python/larch/implement/architectural_assessment.py:persistence helpers and unavailable fallback (plan.txt:14,22-24,42,139-143)	3. The fallback requirement does not explicitly require the existing invariant violation's full identity and outcome sidecar to be revalidated immediately before any unavailable write, nor does it require guarded atomic persistence across the note, metadata, and outcome.	A stale or partially written invariant artifact can fail the note-text check, allowing write_unavailable_note or a later partial write to replace a valid violation. If a note write succeeds and outcome validation or deviation logging then fails, the durable state can lose the violation while the CLI reports only an internal failure.	Before fallback, revalidate the current invariant note and schema-version-1 outcome against HEAD, base, fingerprint, and kind. Preserve that state on any failure. Write fallback artifacts through a guarded temporary transaction or compare-and-swap-style commit, then reread every artifact and refuse success unless the invariant violation remains intact.
