# [DESIGNING] Come up with a method to propagate bread crumbs from long-running helper scripts back to skill that called them periodically (or, ideally, instantly)

Skills such as /implement and /design rely on helper scripts that take a long time.  They are carefully designed to be mostly silent (to avoid voluminous stdout from bloating main agent context), but they emit periodic breadcrumb messages on stdout, so the caller can be updated with some reasonable frequency with where the script is at.

Despite valiant efforts to prevent claude harness from backgrounding these scripts, due to a known existing bug in claude harness, it randomly backgrounds these.  The difference between them running in foreground and background is that in foreground the breadcrumbs are shown in real time by the harness (grayed out and in a tiny window, but still), whereas in background they stay completely silent.  Since it's impossible (until claude code issue is fixed) to prevent this backgrounding, we have to come up with a way to mitigate it, so the user sees breadcrumbs, if not immediately, at least with some periodic refresh.   These helper scripts can run >> 10 minutes.

Tools we have:
1) The script is ran from inside a skill launched by claude code harness, so the harness may have instruments that could be used to "pipe" the stdout of the process to the chat
2) The script stdout is redirected to a file in a temp directory (for subsequent run logs flushing), so the bread crumbs do get logged there in real time
3) We instruct claude to always background these scripts (which it does provide mechanism for), instead of trying to (unsuccessfully) to direct it to NEVER do so, and set up a timer wherein periodically, say, once a minute or once/30 seconds, we check the log file of the script, and everything that we did not display last time that got added to the tail since then we grab and display for user in the chat.  This wait loop should be terminated, of course, once the script exits, successfully or not.  I like this approach the least, because I have bad experience with claude harness timers (they tend to hand around and not be very reliable), but I suspect this may be our only resort.

Brainstorming a solution is needed here as the first step.
